Adding pet-linear output to deeplearning-prepare-data pipeline (#203)
aramis-lab/clinica: docs/Pipelines/DeepLearning_PrepareData.md

2019]](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/9015-pytorch-an-imperative-style-high-performance-deep-learning-library).
Three types of tensors are proposed: 3D images, 3D patches or 2D slices.

Outputs from the [`t1-linear` pipeline](../T1_Linear), [`t1-extensive`
pipeline](https://clinicadl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Preprocessing/T1_Extensive/) and 
[`pet-linear` pipeline](../PET_Linear) can be processed (for the moment, 

> latter is available from [ClinicaDL](https://clinicadl.readthedocs.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`t1-extensive` is available from [ClinicaDL](https://clinicadl.readthedocs.io).
```
